Beck has always dreamed of becoming a
member of a secret society called Mars
but to get accepted he had to go through
a maze and deal with a tough trial first
of all Jack was given six eggs his task
was to break to cook - and eat - but
before doing it he had to figure out how
many eggs he would have in the end Jack
broke cook and ate two eggs it left him
with four eggs Jack was allowed to move
further soon he saw a piece of paper
lying on the ground he picked it up and
saw a puzzle one equals five two equals
1 5 3 equals 2 1 5 4 equals 3 2 1 5 5
equals Jack had to figure out what
number was hidden under the question
mark
[Music]
five equals 1 because 1 equals 5 jack'd
walked down the corridor and saw a
teleportation capsule there was no way
to squeeze past it so he climbed in
after the door opened again he found
himself in a room with four doors and a
deep pit in the middle behind the first
door there was a ferocious Tiger the
space behind the second door was filled
with bubbling lava the third door
prevented poisonous gas from leaking
into the room and the fourth door led to
a tiny storage room with no windows Jack
had to decide fast how to get out of
this trap
he opened the first door when the tiger
jumped at him jack stepped aside the
animal fell into the pit and the man
escaped through the first room
soon jack entered a large hall with
three cardboard boxes in the center one
of them had white balls inside the
second contained black balls and the
third was filled with black and white
balls the boxes were sealed and labeled
but all the labels were wrong jack was
allowed to open one box pick a ball
check its color and put the ball back
into the box how many times would the
man have to repeat this action to label
all the boxes correctly
Jack managed to do it after picking just
one ball he chose the box labeled BW
which stood for black/white since all
labels were wrong it could be either be
B or w w he pulled out a black ball so
the box was actually BB then logically
Jack figured out the rest of the boxes
Jack came across a note stuck to the
wall of the passage it said 2 plus 2 is
the same as 2 times 2 find a set of 3
whole numbers whose sum will be the same
as their total when multiplied Jack
didn't need much time to figure out the
answer
[Music]
these numbers are 1 2 & 3 Jack kept
walking deeper into the maze suddenly he
felt something hit him on the head and
he blacked out when he came around he
was on a tropical island the ground he
was lying on was shaking he heard some
rumbling and realized to his horror that
it was a volcano awakening he had three
options to save his life
to climb a tree run away as fast as he
could or hide in a cave and barricade
the entrance
the worst thing about volcanoes is the
toxic gases they emit
that's why climbing a tree or running
away wouldn't save jack luckily he chose
to hide in the cave and seal up the
entrance the next thing Jack knew he was
in a jail cell
it was rather small with a dirt floor
and a small window high above the ground
the only thing the man spotted was a
tiny shovel in the corner in a couple of
hours Jack managed to break free from
the cell he dug a hole in the floor then
he made a pile from the soil climbed on
top of it and escaped through the window
only to find himself with his hands full
with new riddles to crack the first one
Jack had to arrange four nines to make
them equal 100 he could use any math
symbols
Jack figured out the correct answer
pretty fast 99 plus 9/9 equal 100
the next riddle was even trickier a
farmer only keeps goats sheep and horses
on his farm at the moment they're all
horses but five all goats but four and
all sheep but three Jack needed to
understand how many of each animal the
farmer had there were three sheep two
goats and one horse on the farm
altogether there were six animals the
next room Jack entered had nothing
inside but a blackboard on the wall
there were four words written on it pin
check boiling view Jack had to figure
out a five letter word that could be
added to each of them to make a valid
word or word combination
[Music]
Jack soon realized that the necessary
word is point he got pinpoint checkpoint
boiling point and view point Jack was
exhausted he found a safe nook and fell
asleep when the man woke up he felt
something was wrong while resting he
turned into a metal robot Jack looked
around the place seemed to be a dungeon
dark damp and freezing cold there were
three corridors leading out of that
place the first passage had a
treacherous floor some of its panels
could collapse sending people into an
abyss massive boulders fell from the
ceiling of the second quarter every 30
seconds and the third passage was filled
with giant cacti whose thorns were
covered in poison Wow
which quarter was the safest
[Music]
Jack picked the third-quarter
thorns would do nothing to his now metal
body even the ones covered in poison as
soon as Jack went through the third
passage he was himself again a
warm-blooded human but the man
immediately wished he could become a
bird instead he was falling from a great
height luckily he had a parachute and it
opened now jack had to choose where to
land in the middle of an ocean in a
desert or in the mountains what's the
best option
if Jack landed on the water his
parachute could fall on top of him
pulling the man underwater in the
mountains he'd crash into a rocky slope
the best option among the worst was the
desert sand would make Jack's landing
smoother and the parachute would protect
him from the Blazing Sun after wandering
for an hour or so jack was picked up by
a jeep and brought to a strange building
it looked like a planetarium with the
photos of distant stars on the walls in
the middle there was a screen with a
riddle on it any us RN ER RS th us
question mark Jack had to figure out
what was hiding under the question mark
he typed in ry and it was the right
answer the list was made up of the last
two letters of the solar system's
planets names in the order from Neptune
to mercury Neptune Uranus Saturn Jupiter
Mars Earth Venus mercury after tackling
one task after another Jack finally
reached the last stage he had to crack
the riddle created by the Mars Society
founders Jacob and Trevor both of them
were genius mathematicians with
unsurpassed logical thinking skills the
riddle went like this one out of nine
identical balls is heavier than the
others how can you figure out which one
it is
after just two weighings it took Jack
several minutes to solve this riddle
what did he do
[Music]
he divided all the balls into three
groups and weighed two of them that's
how he figured out which group contained
the heavy ball after that he picked two
balls from the heaviest group weighed
one against the other and understood
which ball of the three was overweight
Jack has passed all the trials with
flying colors his dreams come true
he's now a member of the Mars Society if
you've solved one to five riddles it's
too early for you to join the secret
organization they'll most likely
recommend that you practice for several
more months if your result is six to ten
correct answers the chances are you'll
be allowed to join the secret society
but you'll probably have a probation
period if you cracked eleven to fourteen
riddles you're as smart as jack and
maybe even Jacob and Trevor in fact they
might look for you to invite you to join
their society could work
[Music]